cities are rapidly becoming Lawless and
this is a big concern for everyone you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you in today's video we are
going to look at how people are
beginning to squat in properties how the
economy has really been declining and at
the same time we're being told that
everything is a okay what do you think
well let's break it down here today I
want to show you this first they're
talking about but a soft Landing right
you've heard that before well what about
Jerome
Powell saying right here comments during
the past week could point to the
possibility of a no Landing no Landing
with the economy is resilient while
inflation stays on target that's the
suggestion anyway but it depends on who
you ask if you go out onto the streets
and you see parking lots full you might
see
people shopping they've got bags they're
doing well seemingly they're driving
their BMWs around and everything is a
okay but it's not exactly so
straightforward you see people are in
more Deb than they've ever been
historically we've never seen anything
like this before and of course at the
same time we have issues where some
people are starting to take from their
assets that they have they're drain ging
their home of equity so that they can
live the life to keep up with the
Kardashians as they want to but there's
a problem here because this is
unsustainable in fact we've heard from
many people suggest that the debt that
the Nations have are on an unsustainable
path we've already gone to the point of
no return but the same thing exists for
the average person this goes if you're
making $30,000 a year or $100,000 a year
the circumstances are the same people
get a raise what's the first thing they
do they go and spend it people get some
money somehow what the what's the first
thing they do they go and spend it it's
not as if you work really hard you went
you achieved all of these goals you got
the jackpot you got the Home Run let's
just say somehow you got the million
dollars and you went out and you said
I'm going to go on a vacation you go on
a vacation you do the you know something
sensible with the rest that's all good
but most people what they do is they get
a raise let's say it's an additional
$1,000 a month guess what they're doing
they're spending another $1,000 a month
that's just the way people and in fact
they're spending 1,200 a month 1,400 a
month they're going crazy they're going
wild not a good idea look the bad
economic times have only just started is
Canada already in a recession this was
uh a little while ago was from last year
but the point is what we can see here is
like it depends on who you ask it
depends on the data that we choose to
see don't count on a soft Landing for
the world economy turbulence is
ahead this is coming from Kenneth rogov
so you know like I'm saying it really
depends on where we look is it Europe
okay which country in Europe okay
because Germany I I heard Germany's do
really well they're doing really good
they got a lot of exports they're doing
good right actually no they're doing
terribly well what about United States
what about Australia what about all
these things each economy is different
but there's an issue here when you
increase interest rates you run into a
problem I talked about that over a
decade ago in my book put it in black
and white and I was bang on bang on not
because because I'm a soothsayer I'll
tell you now it's not it's because I am
able to see the Cycles I've read so many
of them when you increase interest rates
the more debt that we're in the higher
you raise interest rates the more of a
burden it is the more of an effect it
has and that's where we're at now you're
seeing the stock market that's different
that's a whole different Circumstance
the economy on the other hand it is a
real mixed
bag this is stealing Channel 2 goes
undercover as Instagram account lets you
squat in Metro homes so they're going
even further okay A S A service has come
up figuring out how you can get and
begin to squat in different homes they
showed the
example of um a woman who just renovates
her house then she gets deployed in the
military she comes back a guy is living
in her
house and she can't get him out he
refuses to
leave and she goes to the cops says look
this guy's in my house you got to get
him to leave our hands are tied it's a
civil matter I think that's what he what
he what they said and she was of course
extremely said particularly about the
fact that it was just brand new now you
got some random guy living in your house
can't even get him out this is the thing
that happens in a lawless environment
this is just talking about the houses
like look at this nice home it's a nice
home and it was used by these squatters
and they set up a you know a business
that definitely should not have been uh
inside this home in a quiet neighborhood
but they're exploiting what we see now
there's all kinds of crime going on
today shoplifting is so rampant there's
I mean everything from jewelry to
clothing to shoes I mean I've seen it
all uh Apple Store the guy just walks
into the store just rips off all of the
phones and iPads and everything just
rips them right off walks right out and
doesn't seem like anything's being done
about it why because the police they
take uh you know depending on the city
and so on taking you know let's just
average that out 20 minutes to respond
to a crime so what does a criminal do
they know theyve got 20 minutes to do
whatever they need to okay that is a
very big issue when people are in these
circumstances where they know that
things are just going to get worse if
you believed that the future would be
better than you are today well then you
would invest more then you would plan
more then you would basically be in a
better circumstance for yourself for
your family but if you believed it was
worse well then you stop investing you
stop caring you stop taking you know
being nice as as you did before things
are degenerating do you feel
that let me know what do you
think everybody hates locked up products
this company says it has a solution so
this is talking about the locked up
products you know you go to get the
toilet paper uhoh it's behind the you
know a lock and key oh I need to get the
the kleenex oh behind locking key yeah I
forgot toilet paper's valuable okay
everything is locked up this company is
just trying to create their own solution
which is more investment on the company
the company has to put more investment
so I have said before we're going to see
more of these companies or more
businesses that you just go in talk to
the clerk or not even there's not even a
clerk you just you know maybe from your
phone or whatever stuff gets put inside
of of a locker for you or like in a
particular section you go pick up your
stuff you've already paid for it online
can't PID cashless sorry don't want your
business that's where that's where we're
going that's where we're going the
warehouse model Amazon is like kneed
deep into this instacart is also getting
in on this uh so that that's where it's
going I mean you could say what you want
but this is happening right before our
very eyes Tech layoffs are hitting
companies that are doing just fine um
it's important to note the way that
layoffs work usually usually the first 5
to 10% of people are laid off it could
be
at any time but those are the people
that are the the lowest performer least
performing individuals once you go
beyond that 10% then things are starting
to get a little iffy with the company
but there's always kind of a cycle a
churn that occurs inside of a company
okay they they get rid of new people or
they freeze all the new hires and then
slowly people will quit so they can get
rid of you know reduce their headcounts
by a certain amount or they package
people out this is this is not uncommon
Beyond 10% though that's when you start
to look at that and that's an arbitrary
number I understand but um I'm just
saying the first group is usually the
non-performers just keep that in mind
okay I worked at big companies I know um
how it works but it depends on each one
is different okay it depends on the
industry as a whole is it a dying
industry is it a growing industry quiet
quitting is on the rise amid Tech
layoffs so we're seeing this again I
thought this was going away apparently
back uh but here it is just looking at
uh quiet quitting yet again what does
that mean they're not exactly working
but they're showing up to get their
money you know what I mean okay so
that's happening today the you know when
we look at the economy overall it it's
it's something to um just realize that
there's a lot going on people are
unsatisfied people believe they're not
getting paid enough you've got workers
in California at fast food making $20 an
hour I remember back in the day my first
job making
$640 um it seems like just yesterday but
time flies and just the point of that is
that uh you know at
$20 it's kind of a lot of money but at
the same time when you see okay but the
rent for that person living in that area
is just ridiculously expensive well then
you could say well you can't really even
afford that even though $20 an hour is
is a significant sum today with prices
being the way they are it just can't
afford anything that's why more and more
people are living they've got roommates
they got generational homes uh a lot has
changed this economy all done all
intentional by what we've seen and
understand
this the devaluation of the currency the
central banks the way they've done this
this from 2020 up until today you will
experience a much worse bout of that
it's coming be prepared for
it telling you right now you
can't just buy the next Tesla and hope
that that's going to turn it around for
you and you're going to be okay what I
cover specifically is on my Sunday live
session you have to increase your income
by 50% every year 50% because number one
we got to make up for the shortfall that
everybody's experiencing today but we
got to get
ahead that's what Sunday live class is
all about it's building a business in
the way that I do it is very different
very different
simplified there's a
strategy but it's very different than
what most people do most people talk
about other gurus Sunday live the money
gps.com
live then check out what I wrote on that
page about Sunday live sessions I hope
you en jojoy me there and as always hit
that Thumbs Up Button don't hit it once
don't hit it twice hit it Thrice and I
do appreciate that very much I'll see
you tomorrow